The master source code repository is on github, accessible from fullmonte.org. Only working code should ever be active in the code checked in to the main repository (don't break the build!).  
All working code should have tests to make sure it continues to work, and those tests must function on our automatic build/test machine, pc-henry.

To update the FullMonte and related tools code base:

1. Make your code changes on your local copy of the code and ensure they work.

2. Create an automatic test that confirms your code works (generates correct output, or generates the right error message, etc.). Larger (integration) current tests are under FullMonteSW/Examples. Some are tcl scripts in this directory, while others have their own subdirectories (e.g. FullMonte_MMC_Comparison) if they involve more code (e.g. a custom main function for FullMonte and large golden output data). Other tests that check more localized functionality (true unit tests) are usually in a UnitTest/ directory under the relevant code directory. We are using the boost unit test framework, and it is probably easiest to start with an existing test as a template and copy and modify it.

3. You will need not only the unit test code, but also to create a CMakeLists.txt file in the same directory as the test that includes the ADD_TEST line -- the name set in this line is the name of your test.

4. Edit the Run_ctest.sh file in the root fullmonte-source-code/ to add a line to run your test whenever this script is run:
   ctest -R <my_test_name>
   
5. Ensure your code builds on the pc-henry machine, and that running Run_ctest.sh indeed runs your new test, and that it passes:
   build_fullmonte.sh
   Run_ctest.sh
It is important to try this not just on your own machine, but on pc-henry as that is our automated build/test machine -- any package differences etc. that cause your code to fail on pc-henry must be resolved by you with either code changes or package updates to pc-henry.

6. Check your code into the master git repository which is accessible from fullmonte.org/development

7. Your code will be automatically built and tested after check in. Go to fullmonte.org/development and click on Current Build Status to make sure the automatic tests worked.

